and I think that only speaks well of
all the people who are
involved in this, whoever speaks badly
is in any case those people who in
the past were able to make peace,
but now anyone who makes
peace with someone is the worst in the world, I
feel that this is to undermine the
attitude or the decisions that you make, it's
like you say an opinion and they can say
yes, but anyway their opinions
are not that strong because he himself does not
even follow them. Now he is getting along
with someone who at first did not
get along well, they do it more to undermine
your word and how strong you are and and I
think that's how it is, eh, it could be, it could be
yes. And also what you say about them
being sectarian or something like that, well, it does provoke, I do
n't know what it should provoke, but it's like
a custom, it becomes a habit, that
you post something about a topic and it has
many likes or many
interventions or or yes, that many people
support you. So they become monogamous when
talking about a single topic, like talking about
pure Dallas in a positive way because you know that
if you speak negatively, the same people who
at the beginning  I supported you for speaking well
of and what now that you talk about this,
another crazy thing comes to mind,
another fallacy that is said a lot, not a
blatant lie, which is the mantra that I
use Bots, I mean, they tell me that I
use Bots so that my tweets or things
have reach, one thing, eh Really, in
any of you, eh, wherever you are from, whether you like me or
dislike me, it's
true that you've all seen the video of
what I judge Willy Rex, it's true that you
've all talked about this, in fact, I
made a video about what game everyone made,
everyone has seen it, to
this day I have 6,000 followers and I've had
tweets, millions of views, but
to this day, to this day, I walk down the
street and they keep asking me what game
wx made, to this day, I mean,
they tell me that those interactions are bots
Well, why do they ask me for photos
asking me what game wx made, to
this day, whether it's been like half a
year, I don't know how long it's been, that
[ __ ], whether it's been a year or a half  year
or rather a long time I mean that
was something extraordinarily viral
we're talking about I was a trending
topic one or two weeks in a row on
Twitter I mean you don't become a trending
topic with Bots a Hispanic wouldn't be there
because if not no what a shame almost 70,000
followers if you had used Bots
you would have 200,000 I'll tell you one thing if I
had used Bots I would use them to
promote any crypto product and
make millions no So you can see a tweet
from Dallas I mean when I post
a tweet I post you look at the tweets
that I post and it's not very difficult to see
which ones you have Which ones have reach and
which ones don't I posted a tweet the other day from
look I've finished watching solo
leveling it has 100 likes now I
post a tweet of lies and more
lies from Fran cuesta it has 1400 likes
and has 400,000 reproductions or
views when I talk about topics
that are controversial or are viral my
reach increases a lot spoiler like
anyone else's You can be a
Random on Twitter that the  algorithm makes that
if you put something that is
striking more people will see it which
is not difficult because it is the algorithm
when I talk about ideas I get like or many
likes when I talk about any other
thing the 10 people who know me let's
see Lina what do you want to ask eh Hello
first Hello everyone Okay I have three
questions that I would like to be
clear try to please be a little
forceful so as not to go on
too long question number one you made a
comment that Dallas was a
fugitive from a sentence what did you
say at that time Sorry no that he
is a fugitive okay but from which sentence no no no no
no from a sentence is a
person who is a fugitive about Antonia no I did
not say that he has breached that he has
breached the sentence that they have given him
the final sentence Okay now I have
a question how can you be a fugitive from a
civil sentence no no no it is not necessary to
be a fugitive from any sentence You're welcome
a person who is
fleeing from justice from the authority and
no it is not necessary that you have  a
sentence a person to whom I am
sending a burofax if he doesn't pick it up a
person who has two or three
investigations from the Treasury who has an
investigation for money laundering
a person who is being reported
from all sides a person who you
know so far has two or three
open cases I have a lot of information
that for the moment I am going to preserve I know
that he has several more open cases a
person who does not show up at
certain places or at certain
things or does not take certain
documentation that comes to him because he does not
want to be spoken to anymore is a
person who is clearly a fugitive a
person who goes from in Heran a person who
is in Dubai expli ok perfect
but you specifically said something
about Antonio who was a fugitive from that
sentence Well yes yes I said it like that it
was misunderstood Okay thanks for
rectifying second question with respect
to what you were telling me about my law you
were saying that the best way that
my law can rectify what happened
is for him to take responsibility for what
happened by paying the people affected
correct okay And so we could
say that in your case with your
referrals with  cryptospain you
would also have to pay the people who
paid your referrals to be victims of
that person no why Because my law is
the absolute and total cause of that
currency getting to where it got if I
had been one of the many
influencers who could talk about the
pound currency, I am not blaming those people for
anything, anyone
who has talked about pound and who has
made Twitch has given visibility
to that or has said because YouTube
wrote that they said eh this currency
can be cool people who talked about it
I do not recline anything to those people they are
people who may have made mistakes another
thing is that you are the creator
owner founder of that project and
that with an account of a president
of a country you take and promote it 3
minutes after it is created with a
team that you have known for a
couple of years now and with which you have been
collaborating directly in Argentina I
think it is very different we could
understand that if I had been a
founding member
part of the cryptospain team if I
had been the only promoter of that
man then you can ask me something
but if I am one of the  30 that we have
given a voice to that person because
we admired their work man I think it
's comparing apples to pears
Okay but it seems to me Likewise that you
were also participating in the entire
promotion of their project that even if it doesn't
have your name directly you were a
participant How has it been celebrated tutor tutor
of the people who participated from their
own mouth that are videos that are
hidden that I saw the third question
Sorry because no because I'm not going to
go to the third if we don't finish the
second sa Don't worry because
this is going in clado to the third Oh
okay And why is it that your tweet is
saying how much it costs to go to my
channel to investigate 5 minutes yes in 5
minutes you realize that you have hidden
information and that you only have after
the controversy where you ask the question
you're going to freak out stater you're going to freak out no no no not
at all in the TT itself you're going to freak
out it's already first or
primary I literally say when the
controversy exploded rep I published all the
videos with cryptos spam in case someone
wanted to see them or download them if you go to
any of the  direct these I don't know
which of the six or seven that I have out
there public is in one of them or I
think not in two of them I say guys
eh Javi oliveira in fact I mentioned
download my videos I don't know what In
fact Before Electra told us that
Javi as a result of that call downloaded my
videos, I mean he has them he is a
clear witness that those videos
were published again and that I
exposed them in a list so that
anyone who had that much
interest in cryptospain and me could
have them safe and I made a call to
action so they could have them and then I
said by the way I'm going to leave them for a month I'm
going to leave them for three weeks When I
finish Since everyone has
downloaded which I think with a month
three weeks they have plenty of time
to download the videos that don't
weigh that much I'm going to continue with my
original plan which is to leave my channel clean
which is what I wanted to do good Apps
at first What happens is that so that they don't
say that I'm hiding that I wanted to
leave my channel clean and that's why I hide
that content I  I put it in the front
line so you can see it easily you
can download it and if you want to use it
for anything there is my
content, I mean I think that a greater act of
transparency cannot be done then it
seems to me that what you are doing
is manipulating the information to
try to leave something that is not in fact, in fact you want me to
republish it, do you want me to make
them
public again? I have no problem I
will publish them again and I make another call I am
going to publish it right now in
strict live and another call
please to anyone who is
excited to see how I interviewed crypt in case you have
not seen it on countless
occasions download it too and do what you
want then in that case Sorry sorry sorry
sorry it's that I have this
badimo upload the requests to m I don't
think anything Okay very well s okay Um
but I have to ask you a question
Here is Javi do you want me to upload it
obviously you are only going to argue with
Javi and nobody is going to be allowed to
join here and he does not let him press the button
yes yes I did not press it I already
unmuted delox you are there yes or  they can't
talk Okay while while
Delo answers while Delo answers I'm getting off
and we also conclude that point
six is completely false because ah it's not
all in capital letters, I mean he's
admitting that even though he's telling me
that now he's going to publish them But he
already admitted that not everything is there so
in the end he's not saying anything And
now don't come with that no If you want I'll take
it out you're showing me that you
put us in I mean the tweet has no
validity of any kind so the panis are
not wrong that now he
wants to publish it I congratulate him wonderful
But regardless he has lied he has
seen us I think he's uploading Oh
help Hey letter A question he has already
paid for the sentence Oh I don't know
what you're talking about Andrs Ah no no
sorry sorry Why do they upload it if they always ask
such strange questions Electra
Sorry Ah I'm muted I'm
muted Sorry Yes yes we had
told you that if you wanted me to upload Javi Ah I did
n't say that I didn't say that I didn't want me to
upload eh Because I've been talking for
half an hour alone with the girl that I say
what  unfriendly how unfriendly that I don't that I
can't that she doesn't talk to me you know and
I'm talking to myself eh I said the first thing eh
the six videos that were hidden I
republished in case someone didn't
download them when I was men cowardly
lie cowardly what's wrong with you why don't you
want to talk to me can you
silence it you're scared
coward a one person a person who
has whitewashed a criminal who has
accused my partner of being a coward does not
deserve a minute of my time you
can shut up now Uh you can shut up
now when they mess with your family and
your children and what are you crying about The coward that you
want shut up coward Where are the
videos that you're lying about come on you don't have the
balls with me you stand here coch they're
all on the channel all published they're
all published Here I have them I count
and so many videos published liar
cageta Where are the videos with CR
published all on the channel no you don't
have the balls with me you stand here with they
're all on the channel all published
all published published Here
I have it 40 all  you have them published here you have them You
have the extracts and I have
passed you The Originals The
Originals are all lies Sorry
sorry I didn't know How to stop this
conflict Ah you lowered it yes I want to
apologize no it's not that no
We're just letting that that for example
delox speak and and let him speak I mean I
understand that there are many people who want that
wants that it is said to refute I when I
hear people that I don't agree
with their opinion I also want to refute the
opinion But we are not going to change the
opinion of the other person in an hour I mean
right now if they want to fight at the end
of talking now I realized that I muted
you then of course me as I am
new to this I muted myself down and I was left
talking to the wall that a girl who
said period I know it is false false at
all when the controversy exploded rep I
published all the videos with cryptos
spen in case someone wanted to see them or
download them Javi oliveira just came
in right now the call and just
said that he has them all downloaded
So where is there a lie here they are
all Then they could download
them they could see and that's what I have
omitted In any case because I explain it
in one of the live broadcasts that I have
published and that are still public and that have
always been public because it is
current content. Guys, I'm going to
leave you for three weeks, a month, and then I'm going to
clean the channel again because I don't
want them to be published for the
reason that I explained before.
Surely I was there back then. It's
like saying that they tell me that
something that is a flagrant truth is a lie
and that they commit a total act of
demagoguery and mental vicissitudes against me. It's
like, man, but a question, I mean, one
that I think is the authentic Genesis
of all this, where do we want to get to, I mean,
what is the point? The point is, we are
talking about Pambi, we are talking about
Dallas, we are talking about Fran Cuesta, we
are talking about I don't know what. And when
those people run out of resources, the
resource to attack Delox's arguments
is to ask, he talks about Cryptos
Spain, Cryptos Spain is a person who
I hope ends up behind bars for what he has
done. I am the first one who agrees
with it. Where is the problem? So
now you did not do an interview with him,
perfect, and he has also interviewed me.
my Javi oliveira or I have interviewed
Dallas and and we have all interviewed
each other where the [ __ ] problem I
want to ask you about Fran cuesta Of course
tell me eh I mean your opinion about him eh
What would it be because why Hi What is a
fraud What is a fraud What is a
fraud That's my opinion I mean you think
that he scammed or or pid I said I at
no time at no time have I
said that he has scammed anyone okay
Okay then why is it a fraud is
what is a fraud I'm going to look for the
definition on Google I'm not going to be that
then the girl on duty comes here to
tell me no because I think it
refers to a fraud of a person
contrary to the truth and rectitude
that harms the person against whom it is
committed Well a person who lies
a person who goes against the
truth can I go up to me it doesn't seem to me
then a person like Fran cuesta
who has been caught lying and when they
caught him lying at least he had
more courage than dasas because to me he has
recognized us once they have already caught him that he has
lied okay that even
Cristina Segui came out today I think her name is
saying that I had lied even to
them because now they are loading
I have a few memories of Vietnam with
Dallas not that they blame
everyone except the person who made
the mistake if Fran Cuesta has lied
including his friends well he is a
compulsive liar so for me
that is a fraud now here like
everything people like Fran Cuesta and has been
with the animals for many years the
sanctuary and all this seems like she is
Untouchable Look I'll tell you one thing the
same thing I said with Miley Fran I used to
admire him a lot just like I
admired Miley a lot right now it
seems like an absolute fraud to me Why Because it
can take years to build a
career with a ton of reputation and
for people to admire you but in 5 minutes you
can screw it up and send it to
hell and it's clear that Fran Cuesta has
done it that he wants to continue saying that
the animals that the sanctuary and that I don't
know what great that person
lost respect for me I mean I don't have
any kind of respect for him at this point
I think that if Fran Oh my God I almost  I'm
called like the one from Aqu no hay quien
viva Bran Cuesta lost a lot of respect
from the moment he started sub
hanging out with Cristina Segu Because at
least a lot of people don't have the context
outside of Spain of what that woman has done.
I'm not that much there. I'm not that up
to date. I think I don't know if
that was the mistake because I don't know.
I don't know that story. I consider that the
mistake was hanging out with dadas. Not
since he started hanging out with Cristina Segu,
his reputation has already started to fall. Because
that woman has been sentenced for accusing
a minor of being raped. They want to whitewash it.
Sorry, sorry, to you,
Javi Oliveira's request appears. ap. Ah no, Javi
Oliveira. Yes, it went up but no, no. Ah no, it doesn't appear to me
either. If this one sends a request
again, well, they want to whitewash it. They
want to whitewash it. I'm here, look,
getting in. Look, if they count more than 13
speakers. Sorry, 12. This one, don't send a
request now. It's going. I'll tell you a
quick thing about
the Hey, hey, terrible, terrible that you kicked me out.
No, they don't
want to, it's that they're whitewashing. Look Less
bad that we are here what they don't
know is that we are here man we are
watching you in Elo stop there mute to
download me Who is that the Ajax rooster
Who is it is not moderating is whitewashing is
whitewashing the scammer is that it is
bugged is that what is not
bugged are you taking me out you who
are watching you we are live
right now by said of the no because I am
whitewashing the scammer This look You
have put me in the laser and I have not
protested or vetoed or acted
like this coward has done
because he lied to you Ah yes but I
defend myself from being scolded is
that he has lied to you here he has lied to you
here to your face and you have not known how to
defend him you did not want to and he left he did
not leave when I entered he
left Of course because he knows what I was going to
say he is lying delo there he
has to block me I do not have to whitewash him
delo well you are whitewashing him you
are whitewashing him  you put me in the
laser without warning and I haven't said a
word Why Because I have two balls
and because I have nothing to
hide or hide from anyone
why does he run away because he runs away because I'm
going to tell him off I'm going to leave him as
what he is a scammer okay like what the [ __ ]
what the [ __ ] is this about him having public
videos and publishing them so
people could download them a piece of [ __ ] a
cowardly piece of [ __ ] I downloaded it
before you deleted them eh you then didn't
upload it again you have courses with
crop Pain you collaborating with him and
selling it with him and then you're
recommending people not to
report it Because they could be
harmed Look how you ran
coward and now s s see there's my
justification I took Javi down so he wouldn't
leave delox and now Javi came back up
again and left delo and why do you think he's
leaving and why do you think he's leaving eh one
question is that I  I was going to ask what
are 13 videos here I just searched I do
n't know if you guys can hear it Yeah yeah [ __ ]
how badly done eh It's not me I'm going to come back
Wait I'm going to update my
browser and come back in
the Coward ran away because he knows what he
does he deceives we're like blanks
Javi has to come back he had them
public for a while so
people could download them and right now he
said he's going to come back He's going to publish them let's
see the first thing I mean it seems
disrespectful to me or Electra I'm
telling you the truth I came in my
eight has been muted I can't hear myself
right now what's happening sorry delux no these
space ones I don't know if I can hear myself
Now I these space ones I know how the
space ones go what can't be what can't be
is that a person comes and
defames me in my [ __ ] face like
that girl was and when I'm answering her
someone mutes me nobody tells me that
I'm muted I'm talking to the
[ __ ] wall then I don't even know where I'm going
Then later I say me  stop interrupting
well don't interrupt me then I say you
ask me do you want Javi to come I say
no I don't want him to come Javi is a
person who has whitewashed Dallas who
is reported for having called
among many things my partner How the
hell am I going to talk to a sub like that
man I mean I have nothing to talk to
a guy who is Dallas's dog who Dallas
literally just sent him
because his WhatsApp must have blown up
please please Tell him something I can't
go Otherwise I'm going to go crazy
and they're going to make another meme and they sent it to me
here I say man I have
nothing to talk to with anyone's lackey
If someone wants to talk to me first
Dallas starts taking the [ __ ]
burofaxes that arrive at his house first we
start there and then if someone
talks to me and then this stops it was to
resolve four C doubts I think they've
all been resolved I have a life I have to
keep working if there is any doubt
if there is any specific doubt any topic
that has not been addressed Of course I will
gladly answer it but don't make me
strange crossroads here  or that you know that those were the ones I would
n't do it I'm going to turn
everyone down So why What's up
Sorry when people start to get involved you
mute them to shut them up I didn't
know that you didn't know exactly how it
worked how it worked and you didn't
realize Excuse me for that don't get involved don't
talk if I don't tell you it's your turn to
speak please can we continue with
the question we had that was
interesting about Fran cuesta however you want of course
Yes yes yes that's
interesting Because by the way, just one piece of
information because I joined because I saw that
Javi was defaming Javi I'm going to tell you
quite clearly eh No, it doesn't
cost me to file complaints then Shut up
a little, lower three tones because we have
n't reported you yet because I
consider that Honestly you are in a
rather difficult situation being
Dallas's dog and that possibly
many of the things you say are
coerced but lower it three tones
Because if you tell me a little more
Then we're going to have to talk this over and
we'll see in the end who keeps
losing complaints And  who keeps
winning okay come on two tones
down now yes frank topic What was the
doubt, I mean Ah you were saying that you
considered it to be a fraud it was yes and I
don't see where the nonsense is question
if a fraud is that person who goes
against the truth and they've
already been caught two three lies I think it is
something objective and flagrant that it is a
fraud now well that and it was
sensitivities because the animals and the
sanctuary and their mother on a bicycle It is not
my problem the reality is that it is a
fraud it is a fraud that helps
animals Well it will be a fraud that helps
animals But what a coincidence that it
helps animals but then it is good that it
whitewashes the proven
animal abuser who is from the review it is not that he
is my friend and I do not get involved with his private life
you do not mess with a person who
kills his Chameleon takes a picture of it
in front of another Chameleon and boasts about
it I mean this is animal abuse and you
ignore it that he has the [ __ ] dog there in
the
cold outdoors but then today that FX has
bought a capybara [ __ ] let's
call him everything eat my balls
francu this is a [ __ ] failure man what what what
shame is this man it
is a shame or rather it is absurd come on
this one question don't you think that on the
part of the land that of the
savannah the whole situation is like I think
he commented that there was a confusion
regarding the papers I mean do you
consider that he lied knowing that he was
lying man let's see when a
person is caught in several lies and
now he is caught in other lies man it is
more difficult for me eh to give him that presumption of
innocence it is more and more when he
has admitted to having lied, I mean he was not
admitted man it's that he is saying whatever he wants
and I can't
answer him man But this is
pure whitewashing pure whitewashing at least he
has sold a story that coincidentally I
saw this in the
nauter video eh it sold better what sells more
donate because my ex-wife is super toxic
cocaine addict eh she is screwing up life or
donate because some Random that nobody knows does
not want to give me this  I mean, let me explain
what sells more because it's clear that
the first story sells more, eh, a person
who is putting H even his children to
see if he raises more money, eh.
Please. I mean, I don't know about family issues,
really, man. I respect the
family a lot, that's why I try to get involved as
little as possible with the family of
any person, it's like something sacred,
man, don't involve your family to raise
money, I mean, no, you're not an
influential enough person to not
need to do that kind of thing,
buere, want to talk, man, I have to
talk. I wanted to ask,
horrible collection of d. Give me the same
sound, another one asking. I have a
question. When I finish the topic of where
the bullets are, that's not going to
throw anything, but yes, I was waiting for
the quote-unquote bombs, basically
questions that they have told me, they are with
Serene, they are with Serene, all of them. Hello, eh,
molder. And then, how are you, molder, how are you? Good morning, nice to meet you.
Good afternoon, also nice to meet you. Hey, look,
well, I have been a little critical
about you, you have gone, no, some things, no.
And well, just one of the things that you
said that you didn't have another channel, I
was investigating. And well, yes.  you have
other channels there I put them there in the thread not
from here of the conversation and well
as you said no that as one goes You get it you I
have three
channels delox undertaken if mine to success
yes mine to success Exactly You have But
you said that you have never deleted and I
found delox of gamer the one of several
of nostale but but those those channels
are not channels that I have deleted they are
channels that I lost the password I lost the
password Well I have found like
10 no the thumbnail I don't
G Well I what I know is that
indeed there are others you
come from the school of the girl from
before not from the one of let's look for the the
fifth leg how is it They don't
let me in of course the one to recover it he doesn't
know man for God he is a
Scoundrel he is a very
careful Scoundrel he is a very
careful Scoundrel this channel since 2014 well I got
close to the password fortunately I have
been using those channels in fact we are
more in Direct
can I delete it I really wish it  They
give a lot of other people's face when I
was very young recording videos
when it doesn't come out I think it's
more proof than Clara that I don't have access to
them Okay I say it's not an
attack
just let me seem no no no I'm not
trying to attack you in fact this In fact I have
changed my perspective a lot in
fact that live with Ja And it's
connection made me change my
perspective not because effectively there are
many things that seem suspicious and
that I have not been able to define in the end
as you say I would like I would like to
say because I said this publicly
on my channel but since it seems nobody
sees my videos the truth is in reality
I have few visits so it's like
the Messages don't arrive I just put it blah the
truth is that the dates have been enough that they
already apologized to me and and notice no that
the people who had been
recriminating everything for the longest time calling me a
scammer calling me everything were the ones
who finally opened their eyes and told me man how was I wrong with you and I encourage you to ask them eh they are people who have already put away the hatchet that I already know in  account I
obviously forgave them despite
everything they had done Look, she is another of
the people Like those of Reno of
gun passes with whom I have been able to mediate
why because in the end I am the
first one who has been wrong, I think that we
all make mistakes and I have said
barbarities perhaps about people who
then well it was not like that because my
information was not the one that
touched you have two options: either have an
excessive ego like Dalas and not recognize
that you were wrong or say damn Well, we
can all make mistakes, I apologize
and I continue with my life and that's it, we're
not going to wait, what did it give me? Well, it
inclines me to believe a little more in
what precisely you did not participate in
Pambi, not having the
opportunity to participate in all those
scams. If I had wanted to earn money
with Pambi, I would have earned a lot of money
because I could have told Dallas
how to make a Coin meme, well, the only thing
that I recommended is not to do it,
that audio is public, I published it a
long time ago, I mean, and that is an
audio that I made to a friend, I mean at
that
moment  a close person what we
commonly call a friend a person
with whom you talk from time to time
a person to whom I had value and
that I try to help him I say man do not
make that mistake to what he Well I
do not know what I do not know how many and blah blah blah and
in fact I think that people forget I think that there are
people like that do not Remember
that if the Pambi scam was dismantled it
was because I thought that they had
tricked him and to defend Dallas
that he was not a scammer
because I myself have videos in which I
say no no dasas is not a
scammer
blan for money laundering that the
truth is well no it does not look as pretty as it
seemed no but [ __ ] and at that moment I
am defending him and when I start to
investigate is when I discover that no that
the one who really perpetrated all
that scam and the ringleader of the whole
operation is him and that is where he
makes me famous what game did wily Rex
delox is a scammer delox is a fake
his girlfriend estofa nim is a fake n
lying completely crazy because  everything
except admitting that you have scammed your
audience and not one eh Otherwise I don't know if there are
already 17 times, I mean it's been eh, let's go
crazy I mean, he's already caught the
taste and said, come on, they are
[ __ ], it doesn't matter, I mean, these people eh, you
piss in their mouths and say it's
raining So if everything goes through, we're going to keep
laughing at them, I mean,
really, do you think that he already stopped with
all this or has information if he already
stopped with all this writing because I haven't
heard them mention him or he's
doing crypto courses or he's giving
conferences, something like that and
I don't want to anymore since he did the pyon Chain thing and
[ __ ], let's continue bl because although
people think that I only do the Dallas thing,
it's maybe because I don't use my Twitter
very much and when I use it sometimes it's to
talk about him, maybe it gives that feeling But
the reality is that on my channel I talk
about everything except him, I mean, we
practically don't mention him, I mean, there
was a time in fact There the superior
was super active that  He didn't miss a
single live show because it seemed like every
live show in Dallas But because every day
was a new scam So, well, it
seemed like it was even funny to me, right? And we
reviewed everything, but at the time when
the scams he was doing, he would
steal 10,000 or he would do the
lettuce, tomato, and potato scam And what the
[ __ ] was that, it was ridiculous I mean, it was
like they weren't even scams worth
talking about, let me explain I mean, there are
scams in the cpto sector that are getting
bigger and bigger, we've seen what's happening
now with the rpol that
Miley promoted, etc. So in the end, eh, it stopped
being relevant, it was tiresome. It was the
same thing all the time, no, there was no mystery.
So, I said, look, if someone falls
for this, guys, they deserve it, even I
mean, if someone, after having
done 10 scams, continues to buy something from
this guy, Well, it's the law of life, they'll
learn, they'll get hit and they'll
open their eyes when it's time. I want to
ask two more questions, just in case you'll
allow me, perfect, no, no, moldero, we can't  to
stay so long with all
the people I'm sorry one by one who
speaks well let him let him what questions guy
here with his hand raised if you
want to say hello Okay now then now
then the rest talk Don't worry
okay molder but be more concise please They
reduced you to the rector yes Well I just
wanted to see if yes I don't know with everything you
've seen from Pablo the lawyer if you're going to
continue with him no because well he
was handling your legal matters No I
have I have three lawyers okay I
have three lawyers I have Francisco
Gonzlez who is one of the best
criminal lawyers in Spain and
then I have another firm with which now I
no longer work because Francisco has come
since I met him I wasn't going to lie to you
that guy is God And then yes
indeed I have uh with Pablo some
issues I don't have the issue a pending
which is the endless complaint whatever it is it is
an overwhelming laziness not that of What's
this guy's name that wasn't the SHL the turboplane
turboplane that at some
point it has to come to him since I
understand that and also because of the tone
that I'm watching his videos and everything I don't
think the kid is malicious
Honestly to  At this point I think the
guy simply made a mistake with me and
most likely when it reaches him then we
can talk like civilized people
and I can take it away and then I have the one where they
accused me of being a scammer of I don't know I don't know
how many. Good thing it's already archived
or I don't know what the hell happened but come on that
was obviously a lie no he didn't
proceed in any way and that's it
So I have those two issues with him
and that's it and I'm not interested in
opening more issues with him but because one I
have a lawyer who With all due respect
to Pablo I think he's not only better than
him but practically
any lawyer because I think he's the
best I've ever seen in my life which
is Francisco and on the other hand because I think there's
a clear conflict of interest
if I continue working with him in
any mainly because he's a
person who hangs out with people that I have
reported then I mean it doesn't make
any sense of agreement thank you delo
cces with him today in case you
want to know I don't have a
cordial reaction a good cordial reaction and that's it
without further ado I wish Pablo the best I
think he's made mistakes well
like everyone else and  one of them in my opinion
is hanging out with people who don't
belong and I have actually encouraged him to
stay away from that circle because I don't think it's
doing you any good, not literally the
reputation of anyone who
hangs out there ends up g No, I experienced it
myself They screwed up my reputation too, I
mean, what are you going to say to someone who has already
seen it? It's not like to say obviously if
you hang out with those people they're going to apply
the Tell me who you hang out with, I'll tell you
who you are No, well, if you hang out with
bad people, well, it's normal that then there are
people who are criticizing it
Electra, I have nine
speaker requests and all the comments are
full of hate so let me ask you a
question. Don't be offended. Are you a man or a
woman? Hello, okay, hello, hello, hello, hello,
okay, the extra bleach, look,
I'm reading the comments, okay, go
ahead, throw everything away, you can leave it
there in the comments, I'm going to ignore it. I invited
one person and I respect the guests,
he's giving his opinions, his
testimony, that doesn't mean that it's
everyone's opinion here  So it's
a bleacher we are we are on
Twitter on Twitter there's a lot of pambi and the
title is called aoxo interview
I don't read the comments I don't care
no if I have to clarify that
because it's more hitting and since I am the
confiton I am bleaching I am
bleaching Hello how
are you my compatriot I also bleach it
first yes I bleach they will talk About bleaching
here eh first apologize for me for
my abrupt
goodbye I am in the same of delox of
not talking to oliveira or falling into
a loop of manipulations no no I had no me no
no it makes me moment eh the first
question for delux is delux you you eh
Because there is a hoax from a long
time ago since the subject that you exposed what what
I told you in a
discord call and everything that we talked about in
private that you and I are friends the
best friends that we talk every
day practically you and I eh you
consider that you and I have a
friendship no no no I can not be
heard that I have not been muted
again you can be heard no no I do not consider  I do
n't consider us to be friends I consider
us to be the typical example of
when you get hit on all
sides in the end you end up meeting
people you didn't expect and in the end Well
look eh Well guys here we go to
a person with whom you
could finally talk which is something that can't be
said about everyone So yes it
's true that we're not friends but I
have a certain respect for you also for the attitude
that you've had how you've
dealt with everything and let's say in the same
way another one of the things that I wanted to make
clear is that at the time that in which we
spoke which was
several months ago eh and I told you the rela
of what d urdaneta was planning you
felt that I was creating a hoax and that
my girlfriend and I had made up a
story constructed with many things
that I told you that you know everything that I
told you including your address the way
your apartment was and all
these things that I had no reason to
know eh you really felt
threatened Or you thought that I was
making things up because because I hated Dallas
and because I was in  against money
launderers I felt scared, I really felt scared. I
mean, no, no, now
a lot of time has passed, obviously I already know that this is not
going to happen and I have already taken precautions
for it since it is something so public.
Obviously if tomorrow I appear dead,
then you will already know that he killed me. I mean, I do
n't want to shoot myself or anything, I love
my life, eh, but at that moment I felt
scared, I felt scared because what you
told me I believed 100% and I have no
clue, I shared details that only someone
who has been in my house knows, so
of course, for a person to share
those details with you, explain to you. Look, I saw
the other thing, they were talking about this,
this was happening, eh. In the end, whoever
knew a little about who Urdaneta is,
Urdaneta is not clean. Urdaneta
once made a crazy role, which was
[ __ ] Plus, I mean, he is a person who
has many corpses behind him, a
person who, well, he must have his
contacts. So what I understand
is that Urdaneta, no matter how bad a
person he is, I have not done anything to
Urdaneta, so obviously I don't think he will
go.  to hire a hitman to
kill me but yes maybe
because of that too, not bragging
in front of Dallas about the contacts he has,
acting like a pimp, that he's a
psychopath, you have to get down to his level,
no, well, I understand that he told him Look, I
have this, I don't know what if you want
lobla no and you'll say yes yes come on
let's talk to him clearly dasas then
when he says talk you pay for it I'll
pay you later man I think that there
Ureta has two fingers of forehead enough
to say yes of course I'm going to do you
now here the one of hiring you The
Hitman and getting my hands dirty no no
if you want to hire something you set it up
yourself and that's it and you deal with the
consequences and it should be said that it wasn't
just for me it was also for Nauter I
mean Nauter of whom he also has an
address because of the complaints that have no not
only because of the complaints the complaints
reach an address that I think
is his parents' house or something like that but
they have they have another address
of his and uh And apart from that the other thing is that it's
that  the thing about when you
published the thing about Serene that I also
got a lot of hate from all
these people who well cto yes they are saying that
we had invented the
hoax that Serena was dead that
we had already killed her that we
had said that the hitmen were
going to send it to her and all this passing
over the fact that I heard the
plans they had with you and Nauter I
directly received a threat from
Dallas that he was going to stab me and
shoot me and other people who have also
been threatened directly with the guy
moreover he has a public video the one from
stardeos where he says that people
nimu's ex-boyfriend also that he also
told him that the famous t of Goyo and and all
these things but despite the fact that all
these things happen and and he says it Well
everyone seems to think that or or then they
think that he is a person who never does
what he says or they think that it is
a joke when he threatens
people with death or or They are simply going to support him even if he
is kicking an old woman in the street they
are going to say that the old woman  he hit his
face in the foot, I mean, and it's like that. It's
simply that, but I did want to
make it quite clear that the issue, first of all,
never, ever, we were
saying that Serene had been hit by a hitman, we
were worried because she
disappeared right after the email, you
know what the point is, Serene is an
anonymous person in quotes. Okay, we're leaving.
Here, we're going to open
our own, you know why. Because I'm
worth much more than these people who,
all they're missing is to put what the
Christ Pain in there. I mean, there's not one
defendant missing, what's more, Ricky is missing who's
accused of gender violence in there.
Electra, whitewasher of accused,
that's your nickname. I just stopped
following you. But whitewasher of accused,
that's what you are. Okay, and I'm already telling you
on WhatsApp and you're telling me that you're not going to include
me because she's leaving. Electra,
whitewasher of accused, that's what
you are. And I'm telling you one thing. I'm going to open
a space. I'm going to open a where the hell
a space was opened. Where the hell was it opened. How do I
not know how? I don't know where a space is opened. I
think it's been 1 year since I opened one.
total whitewashing of defendants is worth